So we see that the you selected the USA this you think should also change it to the dollar thing.
And if some money change to India you should also change your rupees.
So what should we do?
We will firstly go to the.
You have to take a stringer which shows the currency unit of the Nigeria two naira Brazilian real Indonesia
rupiah Indian rupee.
So what we will think.
Firstly, we have to go to the soothsayer and.
Another class.
Here now.
My currency converter.
Here we can declare.
No.
Okay.
So here we can declare our thing.
Firstly, we have to try.
No.
We have to take a string.
All right, so string on the currency unit and duplicate open.
And here we will.
First one is units comma,
and another one should be US dollar.
Okay.
Goma and another one should be Nigerian Nido Goma.
And another one will be Brazilian.
Real.
Goma.
Another would be Canadian.
The
next one will be Canyon.
Gagnon I think Schilling Church said it to Gagnon.
Schilling and next one should we don't we have to Indonesia I think.
We have said to Kenya, Indonesia, India and Pakistan.
Next one will be Indonesia.
So here, Indonesia, Indonesian rupiah here, and next one will be our Indian rupee simply.
And another one.
The second last one is the Philippines, right?
It should be double P and E and it to pisco.
The last one is the Pakistan, right?
So here's what we will write.
Pakistan, rupee
or semi-colonial.
So you're staring at a name currency unit.
So we'll do the design here.
We have to first declare the variable name for all these components.
So here what we will do is take this comma works and change variable name.
And so to do first country.
First country.
Okay,
here, don't take this one and change variable name to second country
and similar to this.
Change rebuilding.
Two, 2 to 1.
Put it to text first.
Country.
So we can remember this.
Text.
Second country.
Okay, so here
you change your name post first currency unit.
See here.
Change it to the variable name second currency unit.
So all these things done.
And now another one.
Okay, we can take these buttons also, if we change variable name to B to convert and change its variable
name to button reset.
Here now.
What do we have to do?
If the user selected the country, the unique thing should we change?
If the users select her country, the unit should be changed.
So what we will do is take the com box and go to the event even and go to the item and I demonstrate
change to it.
Now we have to handle the code here.
So what we will do here?
Firstly, we have to write
we have to change the foreign currency here.
Right.
So we will see first currency unit don't.
Do.
Extend, we have a parcel stream.
So firstly we are to take a string string unit equal to we have to get the first item that the user
has selected.
So what should we do?
Okay, let's try.
We have to take the index here.
The index should be the position of the first country here, this one and design this option.
Right.
It shows under the list options.
So what should we do?
We have to take the position of the.
See here.
These are the countries name.
Here they have.
These are another string.
So here, should they have an index number also?
So we have to take that positions number and get it to the user.
So simply.
Close this on.
What should we do?
We have to write a code.
So let me think.
What can we do?
We can simply take the position and position and write first.
Three first country to get to this or get selected index.
So here we can get our position.
We have to pass this pollution under the currency unit.
Okay.
So set it to the currency unit.
Unbiased position here.
Position.
And we don't need as a string unit.
Here.
We got our position simply.
We run it and check it.
This thing is done or not.
So what we are going to do USA which is simply changed to US dollar Nigeria to Nigerian Naira Brazilian
Brazilian Real Canada Canadian dollar Kenyan.
See if user is choosing the Indonesia.
This thing is changing in entropy.
And if we choose the Pakistan or change it to the Pakistan rupee.
So here we have to do this thing also.
Same similar thing so that it could also work.
So what we will do?
Firstly go to the designer and simply right click and events and then item thing item state changed.
Simply here we have to write the same code here in position.
We have to take the second country here.
Get selected.
So we need that index, right?
So it's done and we have to take the second currency unit dot.
Settings.
Currency units.
Simply write the position.
And it's done.
So what can we do here?
Position.
Simply run our program and we will check if it takes.
Okay.
So here we choose a U.S. reverse donor here in the Indian rupee.
So everything is going gold.
Now, what we have to do, we have to function this exit button.
If we click on the exit, the program should be terminated.
So what we will do?
We have to write the logic for the exit button, go to the design and right click on the exit button.
Simply double click on it.
And we got our material
and we have to write simple one thing system.
System, not exit.
Simply pass the zero here.
Now, simply run our program.
Click on it.
Simply closing our program, terminating the program.
So let's go to design.
Now we have to convert the currency.
So we have to convert the currency from currency to one to the other one.
So we have to function this word and also so double click on it.
And we.